DOCPLAN-100: Vale updates for /virt/support/virt-troubleshooting.adoc (#108585)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/virt-troubleshooting-guest-system-logs.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * virt/support/virt-support-troubleshooting.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT
[id="virt-troubleshooting-guest-system-logs_{context}"]
= Guest system logs

[role="_abstract"]
To diagnose issues with virtual machine (VM) guests, you can configure access to and view their boot logs using the {product-title} web console or the {oc-first}. 

If the guest VM has no network, you can access it using its VNC or serial console.

This feature is disabled by default. If a VM does not explicitly have this setting enabled or disabled, it inherits the cluster-wide default setting.

[IMPORTANT]
====

> If sensitive information such as credentials or other personally identifiable information (PII) is written to the serial console, it is logged with all other visible text. Red Hat recommends using SSH to send sensitive data instead of the serial console.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If sensitive information such as credentials or other personally identifiable information (PII) is written to the serial console, it is logged with all other visible text. Use SSH to send sensitive data.
```

We should avoid saying "Red Hat recommends..." and I think in this case, it makes sense to cut to the chase, since using SSH to send sensitive data is a well-known security standard.

Aside: if you were to keep "Red Hat..." we would need to add a non-breaking space - `Red{nbsp}Hat` - but again, I wouldn't recommend keeping it here.

Author: Noted. Thanks Pan. Change implemented.
